Brother, go back first
I'll be alone.
You think so alone, I will accompany you.
Don't worry, I'm fine.
You hurry home and take care of your wife and children
Never be as sure as I am.
Ah!
Call me if you have anything
Be careful!
There have been a lot of strangers around recently
We have to move quickly
Bring my fish
OK
Why is it forbidden to swallow and crawl?
Dear, why don't you pull me? My relative wants to drink water.
Where the hell is there water?
What are you doing?
Brother Hei, the one who asked for water just now?
Hello big brother
I just want to go in and have a drink of water
He hit me for no reason
What nonsense
Oh, who are you?
Take away
Hey, don't pull me, hey, hey.